things have changed a lot and last year
we were we weren't sure what was going
to happen in real life gonna be we're
gonna go play professional ultimate I
had no idea what to expect no one else
had any idea what to expect any
expectations we had in pecos oh this is
a huge opportunity and i want to say
there's no guarantees that that pro that
will be here in five years i believe it
will but right now everything one you're
not community to like be a part of
something nice about opportunities on
the board what we're looking for today
special Adam professional we're looking
for guys come on ter gonna make athletic
play that are going to make a difference
i hear about stable what did you people
stand out that's your goal then your
your goal today stand out to make the
deal let us feed a play to do it
well to me one two three
uh no matter what your journey in from
here moving board your frisbee career um
there are infinite possibilities to get
better and it's up to you to utilize
those possibilities
and
before the club house
is the D by tubs
excuse me this was SIDS amazing breath
I said if I mean we've been saying all
year you know we got to start off when
we came into this locker where we talked
about like earning quarters right so you
got to play one quarter time we ever
earned 4 more code reporters our goal
for today is to go back out and earn
those next four okay one more time for
four more quarters in a couple of weeks
we've been saying it all year nobody
owes you anything jovi is then I think
let's go
all right
Oh
have to embrace little bit and enjoy it
you don't get many opportunities like
this so why have any other ceiling
I was passionate enthusiasm what we're
kind of new
as making pages and it just read success
has been an amazing season
I think that we started with wasn't my
idea that we had a lot of potential
the favorite we've realized over the
course of last year's
it's ready it's ready to become the next
big sport of the world
never stop